# Begin - 2:56 PM
# Attendance
- [x] Gerardo Ramirez
- [x] Nick Romsdal
- [x] Sharif Zahra
- [x] Brady Harkleroad
- [x] Daniel Davis
- [x] Summer Morris

# Old Business
- Update cleanness of Capstone desk workspace. 
	- Done.
	- Nothing of note.
	- Inventory will be sent with meeting minutes
	- Random assortment of items
	- Spool of filament 1.75mm PLA 1kg
	- 2 mystery items.
- Update: Team Contract revision.
	- Revision submitted before deadline. 2nd review is currently in progress?
	- Need to add Summer to contract. 
- Update: Review Robot Fusion 360 models to determine robot internals.
	- The Fusion 360 model on the rover website is no longer active.  The .STL model provides redundant information.  
- Update: Meeting with Ben Burchfield.
	- CS team completed their leg of project.
	- CS team had their own DEVCOM contact to complete CirceSoft.  
	- CAT5 Ethernet cable issue
		- Possibly torn or sheathing was worn down in Tennessee environment.
	- CS team experienced hardware/software integration issues.  
		- i.e. not in deployable state
	- Burchfield mentioned he is available for help, also gave contact information for last year's CS team lead.
- Update: Meeting with Dr. Rizvi
	- Dr. Rizvi has agreed to be our advisor/supervisor for the project.  
	- He has asked for a schedule of meeting times between himself and the team.
	- Will be sent [[CIRCE Project Summary Package]]
- Update: Remaining potential advisors
	- Dr. Van Neste
		- Meeting scheduled for next Wednesday at 1:00 PM
		- Dr. Van Neste has already mentioned he is very busy. 
		- Most likely will not be asked to be adviser to due Van Neste's schedule, more asking about his view on last year's team's success.
	- Owen O'Connor
		- Not official supervisor but interested in helping with project. 
		- Will be sent [[CIRCE Project Summary Package]]

# New Business
- DEVCOM meeting
	- First meeting with DEVCOM is currently scheduled for February 23rd, 2026 at 3:00PM.  
	- Location: TBD
		- ACE Room? 
		- APOP meeting location used for Air Force calls? 
	- DEVCOM has requested to meet biweekly.  How can we plan to accommodate this?
	- Questions to ask DEVCOM:
		- Ask for clarification of robot's necessary capabilities.  Should we expect a human at the final waypoint to unload the spool?
		- When operating with GPS, should we expect to deal with signal jamming?
		- Compile list by **February 22nd, 2026**
- Microsoft Teams Onboarding
	- Consider adding Gantt Chart feature
- ME Capstone Team (They now exist!)
	- Dr. Pardue (ME Dept.) will work on getting the ME team contact information to the EE team to begin collaboration.
	- 3 people on the team. Contact information given to EE team by Dr. Pardue
	- Will look into onboarding ME team into Microsoft Team.  
	- Will meet to lay out expectations and sub team scope within first meeting(s).
- Project Proposal timeline
	- With the DEVCOM meeting being scheduled February 23rd, will Dr. Storm grant an extension for the proposal since we do not the new requirements set by the customer?
	- Gerardo will email Storm by EoD. 
- Project Proposal Outline
	- [Project_Proposal_Contributions.xlsx](https://tennesseetechuniversity-my.sharepoint.com/:x:/g/personal/njromsdal42_tntech_edu/IQCzbPnZGdDeQLB9uSwYRRcbAXvc-OC5jeHU2g57jvTmzWw?e=HTGXvh&isSPOFile=1&xsdata=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%3D%3D&sdata=R09kdStudk01Q3pIR2hYV0RUeXRielVRYlNXOUozRDlrTUNCaWFyZDJKaz0%3D&ovuser=66fecaf8-3dc0-4d2c-b8b8-eff0ddea46f0%2Cnjromsdal42%40tntech.edu)
- Project Summary Package Review

# Do Outs
- All: Complete drafts of Project Proposal sections as outlined in [Project_Proposal_Contributions.xlsx](https://tennesseetechuniversity-my.sharepoint.com/:x:/g/personal/njromsdal42_tntech_edu/IQCzbPnZGdDeQLB9uSwYRRcbAXvc-OC5jeHU2g57jvTmzWw?e=HTGXvh&isSPOFile=1&xsdata=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%3D%3D&sdata=R09kdStudk01Q3pIR2hYV0RUeXRielVRYlNXOUozRDlrTUNCaWFyZDJKaz0%3D&ovuser=66fecaf8-3dc0-4d2c-b8b8-eff0ddea46f0%2Cnjromsdal42%40tntech.edu) by February 19th. 
- Gerardo: Contact Mechanical Engineering DEVCOM capstone team.
	- Determine meeting plan (time, location , frequency) and determine project scope.  
- Gerardo: Send Project Summary Package to Dr. Rizvi and Owen O'Connor.
- **Nick: Finish Project Summary Package and send to team for revision.** 
- Gerardo: Email Dr. Storm about the Team Contract revisions and adding Summer to Team Contract. 
- Nick: Create DEVCOM question document to DEVCOM MS Teams for 02/23/26 DEVCOM meeting.  
- Gerardo/Nick: Look into finding room for biweekly DEVCOM meetings.   
- All: Update any expected unavailability in MS Teams calendar.
# Adjourn - 4:07 PM
# Important Deadlines
 Project Proposal - February 23rd, 2026 @ 11:59 PM
 Conceptual Design - March 25th, 2026 @ 11:59 PM
 Detailed Design - April 24th, 2026 @ 11:59 PM