# Begin - 3:15 PM

# Attendees
- [x] Gerardo Ramirez (15 Minutes Tardy)
- [x] Nick Romsdal
- [x] Sharif Zahra
- [x] Brady Harkleroad
- [x] Daniel Davis
- [x] Summer Morris
- [ ] ME Team
# Subsystem/Team Reports
- From 04/02/2026 ECE team meeting:
	- Sharif - Syncing RPi and Teensy clocks.
		- Serial Communication as priority.
		- Timestamp data when transmitting for debugging. 
- Navigation Plan
	- Distance travelled: IMU and Dead Reckoning[^3]

# Old Business
- Adviser Meetings
	- Adviser meetings cancelled for this week. 
- Conceptual Design
	- Waiting to hear back from advisers on potential revisions.
	- Should be reviewed by Storm and returned to group by early next week.
# New Business
- Detailed Design
	- Review Experimental Analysis specifications
		- Power Subsystem based their conceptual design section off last year's experimental analysis report.
- Cable Spool Updates and measurement techniques
	- Background: ME Team is considering making the cable spool unmotorized, leaving any measurements of the cable status to be passive sensing. 
	- From sensing to processing to actuation, what are some ideas we can brainstorm to keep track of cable deployment?
		- What do we need to keep track of related to the cable? (Examples: length deployed, tension on cable, etc.)
		- How will the robot sense the selected cable values?
			- Arm with an **encoder** and free spinning wheel spaced apart from each other at a distance slightly smaller that the diameter of the ethernet cable.  The wheels are connected together via a spring in tension such the separating distance between the wheels if variable around the typical diameter of the ethernet cable.  
			- **Encoder** located at the center of the axel that is holding the spool.$$|\vec{v_{t}}| = |\omega \times r| \implies \int_{0}^{t}v_{tan}~dt=r\int_{0}^{t}\omega~ dt$$
		- What communication protocol will be used to connect the sensor to the processing unit?
			- TBD by chosen selector
		- Should we place other tasks as a higher priority to cable health processing? 
			- Sensor would be handled by Second Control Unit (SCU)
- Robot .STEP file sent by robot provider.
- Anything else? 
- Second controller functions (SCU)
	- 'Housekeeping' tasks
		-  Drivetrain controlling[^1]
		- BMS control 
		- Internal temperature
		- Cable Spool Tracking
- Main controller function (MCU)
	- 'Computation heavy tasks'
		- SLAM, Localization
		- LiDAR
		- Depth Camera
		- Path Planning from waypoints received from C2 via hardwired communication.


# Do Outs
 - [ ] Benchmark RPi 5 with current navigation subsystem.
 - [ ] Crack open robot (Permission granted by ME Dept.) on Friday after 3PM

# Important Dates
 Next DEVCOM Meeting (LAST DEVCOM Meeting of Semester) - April 20th, 2026 @ 3:00 PM
 Detailed Design - April 24th, 2026 @ 11:59 PM
 Design Presentation - May 4th, 2026
 Capstone 2 Poster Expo - April 30th, 2026 @ 11 AM - 1PM
# Adjourn - 4:05 PM
[^1]: Potentially moving to MCU
[^3]: Dead Reckoning Information: https://timeandnavigation.si.edu/navigating-at-sea/navigating-without-a-clock/dead-reckoning