# Begin - 4:00 PM

# Attendees
- [x] Gerardo Ramirez
- [x] Nick Romsdal
- [x] Sharif Zahra
- [x] Brady Harkleroad
- [x] Daniel Davis
- [x] Summer Morris

# Team Updates
## Gerardo
># Week 3.2 - agenda Gerardo
This is week 3/2. I have turned in meeting minutes 5 and my team critique.
Nothing of note on monday so far, just need the team turn in's so we can start talking about conceptual and who does what. I feel like though we need to review our project proposal to continue to work on conceptual fully.
So we well prepare as best as we can.
That starts with : 
>- [x]  getting roles for conceptual
>- [x] setting up meeting goals
>- [ ]  software for gnatt chart
>- [x] seeing if we move the meeting to wednesday for Nick sake this week
>
All of these are pending
> ## Monday 8:20pm
So after reviewing our timeline for this week and the team critique, I want to give the team items to chew on while we wait on our project proposal.
That means the meeting will be moved up to Wednesday the same day as our meeting with Dr. Van Neste and the ME teams weekly scheduled meeting.
>## Tuesday:
>I need to email the manufacture of the robot we have.
>## Wednesday:
>Meeting with ME team was slow but I did introduce them to the other project we have found
>- updates pending.
>Github Project Proposal Revisions
>- "In text citations in the MarkDown file are still Latex commands, please update this. For stakeholders, explicitly list the role each one will have in the project Current Grade: 90"
Update on the Rover
>- Dr. Pardue will work on getting us the Order number from their purchasing person.

# Old Business
- Submit meeting minute 5
	- Submitted
- Complete Team Critiques
	- Submitted
-  Download gantt project software
-  Schedule meeting with Mechanical Engineering team
-  Review detail design sub systems and rank systems in order of which you would want to work on (Due 02/25/2026)
- Met with ME team during their Capstone lecture
	- ME team is moving a little slow for Gerardo
# New Business
- Sub system dividing
	- Helpers will be useful for bouncing ideas off of for specific sub systems. Helpers also showed interest in the specific sub system. 
	- Power sub system does not have a designated helper: meaning all team members should help with power.
	- Helpers are not necessarily required to stick with their assigned roles. They can jump around between sub systems.  
	- Sub system leads will be in charge of creating quad charts for biweekly DEVCOM meeting. 
- Project Proposal Revisions
	- [ ]  In text citation need to be fixed. Still LaTeX 
	- [ ] Stakeholder section needs to explicitly state what each party's responsibility is.  
	- Gerardo will update and send revisions to Teams before resubmission.
- Rover Update
	- Contacted the rover provider.
	- Provider has no record of someone emailing the company from the university about the rover.  
- Conceptual Design
	- Comparative Analysis will be contributed by everyone by working on there assigned sub system roles as given below.
- ROS
	- Links to ROS resources provided by Mr. Tristan Hill (ME Department):

| Sub System              | Lead               | Helper |
| ----------------------- | ------------------ | ------ |
| Hardwired Communication | Summer             | Daniel |
| Operating System        | Sharif and Gerardo | Brady  |
| Power System            | Brady              | All    |
| Navigation              | Nick               | Summer |
| Drivetrain              | Daniel             | Sharif |

# Do Outs
- [ ] Gerardo - Submit project proposal revisions to rest of team on Teams before submitting.  
- [ ] All - Submit quad charts to Gerardo by Monday 3/09/2026 at 9:00 AM


# Important Dates
~~Project Proposal - February 23rd, 2026 @ 11:59 PM~~ 
 ~~Inital DEVCOM meeting - February 23rd, 2026 @ 3:00 PM~~
 Next DEVCOM Meeting - March 9th, 2026 @ 3:00 PM 
 Conceptual Design - March 25th, 2026 @ 11:59 PM
 Detailed Design - April 24th, 2026 @ 11:59 PM
# Adjourn - 4:57 PM